feat(terraform): add expanded actions to Terraform AWS IAM resources (#5590)
bridgecrewio/checkov: docs/3.Custom Policies/YAML Custom Policies.md

  guideline: "https://docs.bridgecrew.io/docs/ckv2_custom_1"
```

### Extensions

Extensions offer a way to enrich the data of the original resource to support use cases, which are not possible with given data.

Available extensions:

> * IAM_ACTION_EXPANSION (enabled by default)

Reviewer: WDYT about making it the inverse logic for this flag? IAM Action Expansion is always on unless you use extension: DISABLE_IAM_ACTION_EXPANSION?

To enable an extension add following part to the metadata block

```yaml
metadata:
  id: "CKV2_CUSTOM_1"
  ...
  extensions:
    - IAM_ACTION_EXPANSION
```

To disable all extensions add following part to the metadata block

```yaml
metadata:
  id: "CKV2_CUSTOM_1"
  ...
  extensions: []
```

#### IAM_ACTION_EXPANSION extension

> By enabling the IAM_ACTION_EXPANSION extension additional data is added to the `Action` field of AWS Terraform resources.
> Every action with a `*` wildcard will be expanded to the actual actions to give the possibility to query easily for precise permission names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By enabling the IAM_ACTION_EXPANSION extension, additional data is added to the `Action` field of AWS Terraform resources. Every action with a `*` wildcard will be expanded to the actual actions, making it easier to query for specific permission names.
```
